Refactor DetCon logic & Update SupCon for seg recipes (#1958)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: CHANGELOG.md

### Enhancements

- Clean up and refactor the output of the OTX CLI (<https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/training_extensions/pull/1946>)

> - Update DetCon logic and SupCon for semantic segmentation recipes (<https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/training_extensions/pull/1958>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhance DetCon logic and SupCon for semantic segmentation(<https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/training_extensions/pull/1958>)
```
To emphasize the `improvement`, I suggested this
